***********************************************
* VGM music package                           *
* http://vgmrips.net/                         *
***********************************************
Game name:           Vinyl Goddess from Mars
System:              IBM PC/AT
OS:                  DOS
Music hardware:      AdLib/Sound Blaster/OPL2
                     (YM3812)

Music author:        Marc Gravelle
Game developer:      Six Pound Sledge Studios
Game publisher:      Union Logic Software
                     Publishing
Game release date:   1995

Package created by:  The Green Herring
Package version:     1.00

Song list, in approximate game order:
Song name                           Length:
                                    Total  Loop
01 Tafa                             2:00   2:00
02 Intro                            1:09   1:09
03 Crush                            1:49   1:49
04 Puzz 6                           1:33   1:33
05 Prowler                          2:20   2:20
06 Strike                           1:26   1:26
07 Fever                            1:57   1:57
08 Cover Up                         1:37   1:37
09 Trample                          1:37   1:37
10 Retro Jill                       1:15   1:15
11 Mystic                           1:21   1:21
12 Twilight                         2:14   2:14
13 Stardust                         1:41   1:41
14 Osiris                           1:56   1:56
15 Evil Eye                         2:08   2:08
16 Horus                            1:43   1:43
17 Insured                          1:31   1:31

Total Length                       29:18  58:35


Notes:
[Generator]
 DOSBox-VGM by NewRisingSun

This B-movie action game started development as
a sequel to Epic MegaGames' "Jill of the
Jungle", but was rejected by Epic for quality
reasons. I can see why, as despite having
smoother movement than Jill, Vinyl doesn't
quite improve on the gameplay, which by release
was three years out of date. Plus, the design
of the weapons is such that it's not until
episode 1, level 5 that Vinyl gets one that can
hit _most_ of her foes from anything besides a
considerable distance. I should know this,
because I had to play and complete the game in
order to record this music pack.

Speaking of which, in another indicator of the
game's quality, this game was released in 1995
and yet only had an AdLib FM soundtrack. That's
right, no support for MIDI devices or even PCM
music (as in Epic's "Jazz Jackrabbit" from one
year before)! At least the soundtrack is
decent, even if it's super loud in-game, with
track 01 being one particular highlight.

Technical notes: This game uses the AdLib MUS
format, which requires a separate SND or TIM
file to store the timbres (FM instruments).
Both are stored within the file GODDESS.LBR for
each song; the original filenames in the Notes
box are the filenames when the music is
extracted. While the music is playable in AdLib
Play and other players that support it, and
thus many online recordings of the music were
made with them, they all play the music
slightly slower than the game does. Thus, this
may be the first recording of the soundtrack at
its correct tempo.

(Oh, and the VGMs loop as they do in-game, so
yes, many of the loops really are as jerky as
this pack makes them out to be.)


Package history:
1.00 2018-08-16 The Green Herring: Initial
 release.
